update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/theme-development.md

# Develop a theme

This page describes how to create, import, and use personal themes to skin your Bonita application.

## Definition

A theme is an archive of files used to define and share CSS definitions and images for an application.
It enables you to specify the same style for all pages and layout of an application.

> Each application can have its own theme, or the same theme can apply consistantly to all applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each application can have its own theme, or the same theme can be consistently applied to several applications.
```
Just so that we cannot think that there is a feature to apply a theme to all apps
